Improve `injectRoute` docs (#3721)
withastro/docs: src/content/docs/en/reference/integrations-reference.mdx

- `pattern` - where the route should be output in the browser, for example `/foo/bar`. A `pattern` can use Astro's filepath syntax for denoting dynamic routes, for example `/foo/[bar]` or `/foo/[...bar]`. Note that a file extension is **not** needed in the `pattern`.
- `entryPoint` - a bare module specifier pointing towards the `.astro` page or `.js`/`.ts` route handler that handles the route denoted in the `pattern`.

##### Example usage

```js
injectRoute({

>   // Use Astro’s syntax for dynamic route syntax.

Author: Er… nix the double “syntax”
```suggestion
  // Use Astro’s pattern syntax for dynamic routes.
```

>   pattern: '/foo/[dynamic]',

Author: ```suggestion
  pattern: '/subfolder/[dynamic]',
```

  // Use relative path syntax for a local route.

>   entryPoint: './src/foo/dynamic-page.astro'

Reviewer: I can't make a suggestion over a deleted line, but since we're not using `foo` actively anymore, can we use `/folder/` or anything else here in these two lines?

>   entryPoint: './src/foo/dynamic-page.astro'

Author: ```suggestion
  entryPoint: './src/dynamic-page.astro'
```

});
```

> An integration designed to be installed in other projects should use its package name to refer to the route entrypoint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For an integration designed to be installed in other projects, use its package name to refer to the route entrypoint.
```
"Should" makes me nervous.  :sweat_smile:

> For example, a package published to npm as `@fancy/dashboard`, might inject a dashboard route:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example shows a package published to npm as `@fancy/dashboard` injecting a dashboard route:
```
Can we think of something here that follows the "The following example shows..." pattern?
